Next generation device interface (#3602)
PennyLaneAI/pennylane: doc/releases/changelog-dev.md

  [(#3586)](https://github.com/PennyLaneAI/pennylane/pull/3586)

> *Next generation device interface:*
> 
> * New Abstract Base Class for devices `AbstractDevice` is added to the `devices` module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Next generation device API:*

* New Abstract Base Class for devices `QuantumDevice` is added to the `devices` module.
```

  
*Next generation device API:*

> * New Abstract Base Class for devices `QuantumDevice` is added to the `devices` module.

Author: back to being named `QuantumDevice`
